Previously on Rogue...
When did you
start running guns?
My story's finally
coming together.
Going to meet with
the last big piece right now.
- He said he ain't comin'.
- Fuck's sake.
Deakins?
This is your information,
your mystery.
You follow him.
Some white guy
doesn't randomly show up
to talk to Cups
in the middle of nowhere
then dies in a fireball?
All I'm saying is
maybe it wasn't an accident.
Do you know what Mr. Hutchings
did for a living?
He's a reporter or some shit?
That's Marty Stein.
Now we believe
one of Stein's clients
is supplying arms
to our enemies overseas.
Through Stein, we get him.
Someone snatched
a redwell from my office.
My problem is some reporter.
Adam Hutchings somehow
got his hands on the contents
I need you to find the leak.
We have a very tight
fucking leash on you, Kelly.
I have some people that I gotta
get away from and I mean, quick.
Your passport
and the other stuff
AJ put together for you.
Listen, Roberts...
No!
You wanna go?
Go.
I'll say goodbye
to your dad for you.
Can I help you?
She wouldn't
just leave like that.
She's in trouble.
I know she is.
♪ where in the hell have I gone ♪
♪ I woke up this morning undressed ♪
♪ might have been a little too drunk ♪
♪ I can't get you out of my head ♪
♪ you shot me up, baby,
with a wonderful love ♪
♪ I got a little taste,
now I can't get enough ♪
♪ you shot me up, baby,
with a wonderful love ♪
♪ running through my veins
like a top shelf drug ♪
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Yo, D.
- 'Sup.
Thanks for comin'
to our part of town.
Just as fuckin' cold
out here, man.
Yeah, man. I hear you.
Chipped a tooth on my coffee.
God! Go, go!
Get the fuck out of here, go!
Oh, my God!
Fuck! Fuck!
There you go! Oh!
Get away, man.
Yo, Dre, you short, man.
It's fucking cold
out there, Cups.
Let me ask you something,
you think this dick
gonna suck itself?
Cups! Cups!
They shot D dead.
- Who done it?
- Breeds.
They shot him down.
All right.
So what was Ethan Kelly doing
breaking into Hutchings' house.
Hutchings didn't have
a pot to piss in.
Well, maybe Kelly
didn't know that
until he got inside.
- So, it's a coincidence?
- If it quacks like a duck...
Our reporter meets with Cups.
10 minutes later, he's dead.
Then we find a former Army
Intel officer in his house
and before we can
even question him,
someone pulls some strings
and he's released.
Doesn't sound like
a duck to me.
Benny, how we doing
on the Hutchings search?
No tax returns filed
for three years.
Insurance policy canceled
six months ago.
Failure to pay premiums
and the DMV says,
he drives a Ford Focus.
He has a car.
Where is it?
I'm all over it.
All right, everybody
shut up for a second.
We had two fatal shootings
this morning at 1100
in Winnetka.
The DOA's name is
Charles Henley.
As in son of Judge Henley.
DOA number two's name
is Derius Pierce.
Runs with the
13th Street Kings.
They start whacking each other
in the hood, that's one thing.
They start playing their
reindeer games in the suburbs,
tax-paying citizens
start to get dead.
And we're gonna make
an example of this shooter.
You shut down
the Kings' street ops
until the name floats
to the top of this shit bowl.
Bring him in.
Come on, you fucker!
- Fuck off!
- Man, shut the fuck up.
- You're under arrest.
- Look, hold on!
- What the hell!
- You know I didn't do shit, man!
A real estate deal?
That's all you came up with?
Why would Hutchings care about
some crappy apartment building?
Well, according to Scott Newcomb,
that's all they talked about.
Uh-huh.
And what did Stein say?
Well, I didn't tell him.
Scott Newcomb's not the leak.
So, you're nowhere.
Listen, why don't you try talking
to a fuckin' lawyer all day long?
I'd have a better chance
of talking to a corpse.
Speaking of, I hear your dad got
promoted at the, uh, grocery store.
Maybe I should stop by and
give him my congratulations.
It's been two days, Roberts.
Two fuckin' days.
I need you to earn
Marty's trust.
If you can't find him
in a week...
There's a fund raiser.
Tonight at his house.
And you're invited?
I'm workin' on it, yeah.
Well, get invited.
What?
If you're lookin' for an
apology for what happened
- to your friend, it's not common...
- Ah, fuck you, fuck you,
AJ had nothing to do with this.
Oh, that's right,
he's an innocent.
- That's right, yeah.
- Mmm-hmm.
Who, being innocent,
has ever perished?
Where were the upright
ever destroyed?
That's Job.
You know, if you missed
that day in Sunday school.
So, we're doing God's work,
is that it?
Whatever you need
to tell yourself, pal.
We done?
Who're you protecting, hmm?
If you just left Kelly alone
you wouldn't be in this shit.
Why is Ethan Kelly
so important to you?
Who the fuck have you
been talking to, hmm?
Ah.
Just think.
Maybe someday
it'll come back to you.
Yeah.
Can I help you?
Tyson Ballard, Attorney at law.
You any good?
We'll see, won't we.
Mmm.
I represent the fine
young gentlemen
that you have inappropriately
detained this afternoon.
They were associating with
known criminals. That's PC.
You mean they were associating
with known black people.
That's BS.
Well, in that neighborhood
that's six of one.
You're very funny.
But here's where we stand.
On the one hand, you can
keep my clients here
and I can start
filing lawsuits.
Including but not limited to,
false imprisonment,
kidnapping and assault.
Of course, there's the federal
civil rights violations,
my personal favorites.
On the other hand,
you can let my clients go and
get back to your crossword.
Your choice.
Looks like I am pretty good,
after all.
Wait two hours,
then hit the
motherfuckers again.
Who's that crazy Greek
who pushes a rock
up the hill until it rolls
down the other side.
Kojak. "Who loves ya, baby?"
It's the best TV cop ever.
Dead before I was born.
Then Jane Rizzoli.
There's a copper.
Legs up to here and then some.
Ah, here we go again.
Which one do you want?
I don't know, they're both
big motherfuckers.
Ya'll got time for a sit down?
Get in the back.
It's kinda cold to be sittin'
in your vehicle.
State of mind, Cups.
State of frost for the ass,
is what it is.
All right, look,
I've been thinking, all right?
We both fuckin' ourselves up.
Why not take a time off
for a second?
One, because you're
a fuckin' scumbag,
two, because you're
a fuckin' scumbag.
You need me to keep goin'?
Damn. Come on, man.
We the victims here, all right?
It was my boy Derius,
that got shot down
in the street like a dog,
so why ya'll hasslin' us?
You put 'em on a corner,
we pick 'em up.
Yeah, my shot had 'em
back slingin'
before ya'll can
finish the paperwork.
We know how this shit works.
Come on, now, we can save
a lot of time and money.
I know ya'll not interested
in that piddly street shit.
So, just tell me
what ya'll are lookin' for
and I'll go get it for you.
I can return to earning
and ya'll can get back to
pretending you make a difference.
The guy who shot Derius
also shot a Judge's son.
We want the shooter, Cups.
Alive.
All right.
I can do that for you,
if you people lay off
my business.
What was Hutchings
doing with you in the yards?
Ho, ho, ho, shit!
That's my skinny
white nigger, man.
Talkin' about makin' me famous.
Doin' some article on me
about "The Life in the Life".
I said, "Shit, why not, man.
As long as 50 gets to play
me in the movie", right?
Hutchings is dead.
Hmm,
well there goes lunch
with Denzel.
We know he was waiting
for someone else, who was it?
Oh, that's my
financial advisor.
Buy low, sell high,
report nothing.
God bless America, man.
We got us a deal?
Yeah.
Smart.
Whoa! Yo.
What's up, boss?
What's up, man?
Hey, man, shit!
That's some good shit, man!
Yeah.
It's fuckin' poetry, my nigga.
- Hey, man, this nigga Rondo, right?
- Mmm-hmm.
This nigga, Rondo,
says Cube is the shit.
- Nigga, I had to cap his ass, man.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
- Thank you very much.
- This nigga don't know shit, man.
Fuck that.
Oh, man.
Yeah.
So, what the fuck
is so important?
My nigga, they killed D, man.
Who killed D?
Breeds.
I mean, I figure
if we blow back
all kinds of shit
gonna fuck us up, right?
Look, I spoke
to that Fed lady, man.
The blonde one
with the titties.
She said she gonna
lay off our shit,
if we hold off our retaliation.
Fuck that shit, man!
Fuck them niggas.
Kill the motherfuckers
that killed D.
Kill all the motherfuckers
if you have to.
Yeah, but you always the one
that's urging caution, boss.
You don't see it right now,
but this is what's
good for business.
All right, Marlon.
No, no not now.
I know he's home.
Now's really not a good time.
Do I look like I give a fuck?
- Sorry.
- It's okay, I'm rather busy now, Talia.
Why did you close my salon?
Does your brother know
you're here?
You think I need Marlon's
permission to talk to you?
Why did you shut down my salon?
Oh, my God.
That was weeks ago, Talia.
It's old news, move on.
That was my salon
and I want an answer.
- You want an answer?
- Yes!
Oh, okay.
You were throwing parties
there almost every night,
one of your friends OD'ed
in the back room...
I did my fucking job!
I cleaned enough of your dirty
fucking money for you, didn't I?
You brought the salon to the
attention of the Chicago PD.
That was brilliant, Talia.
That was fan-fucking-tastic.
I told Marlon not to you
run it in the first place
because you contaminate
everything you touch.
- Fuck you.
- Ah, well, as I'm sure
you would delight in that opportunity...
...it's gonna have to wait
another time.
You're fucking kidding me.
I'm rather busy right now. I
have to get ready for a party.
Betsy will show you out.
Betsy!
Fuck this.
Okay, okay.
Mmm.
I thought this might
jog your memory.
I told you that I did not
speak to anyone.
That's not what
Ethan Kelly said.
He said you know
all about the money.
Those soldiers
he killed in Pakistan.
Now, somebody opened up to you
about the cover-up.
We just wanna know who.
I'm a cop. It's what I do.
I worked it out.
Deputy Chief Campbell,
he thinks you're not
that good a cop.
He thinks you might have had
some help on the inside.
Talk to me, Travis.
Fuckin' bitch!
What're you doing with my gun?
What the fuck happened to you?
- Give me that.
- Okay, sure.
Where the hell have you been?
Has anyone been here?
No!
What're you doing?
Shh!
Would you just tell me
what's going on?
Holy shit!
You need to take
this to your dad.
You all need to leave, all of you,
Shelly, all of you.
- You can go to grandma's.
- Cleveland?
- Are you kidding?
- This is not debatable, Evie.
What is this?
I was trying to find you.
No.
Mom, please stop it!
You're...
You're really freaking me out!
I'm sorry, baby.
I just got myself into
a lot trouble and...
it's gonna take me
a while to fix it.
That's why you gotta
go to your dad's,
and I'll call him, I'll explain
everything to him and Shelley.
It's gonna be okay.
I promise.
But we need to leave now, okay?
Okay.
Let's go.
Honestly, didn't think
I'd see you again.
Listen, I wanna apologize
for leaving like that.
- Mmm, not a problem.
- It's not really...
It's the 21st century.
You're certainly not
my first man in uniform.
- I'm not?
- Mmm-mmm.
I've had more soldiers in me
than Fort Bragg.
Really don't have a
sense of humor, do you?
I have to go.
A boring, work-related party.
We can hook up later,
if you're not busy.
You know, there's, um, there's
something I wanted to tell you.
I love boring parties.
Judge asks my client
if he's got anything to add.
This sonofabitch stands up, looks
the judge right in the eye,
and says, "Fuck you,
Your Honor."
Judge Bloom, I swear to God,
doesn't miss a beat,
responds, "Motion denied."
Do you mind
if I borrow him for a minute?
God's honest, I swear to God.
It gets better.
Marty, I want you
to meet Ethan Kelly.
He's retired army.
He's also one semester shy
of graduating Harvard Law.
Marty's a fabulous patriot.
- Pleasure to meet you, sir.
- No, no, pleasure's mine.
Over here, Marty.
Excuse me.
I'm just gonna use
the restroom.
Okay.
- You all right?
- Yeah, you?
Well, I need...
I need your help.
I know that you're workin'
another task force, right?
I just need you to run the
Federal database on Ethan Kelly.
Grace, I'm on the street,
you know?
A lowly cog, at that.
They don't give me
access codes.
Yeah, but you're creative.
We both know that.
Look, if I get caught,
on a good day, it's my job,
on a bad one, my ass.
Kelly did that to you?
He can help me bring down
the people who did.
Yeah, like who?
Campbell.
Deputy Chief Campbell?
Campbell is tied up in this
in ways you cannot imagine.
Trust me.
I really think that Ethan Kelly
can help me connect the dots.
Yeah, I mean Kelly's
in the wind, you know.
Just, just live a long and
happy and let him stay there.
They had me chained-up in a
basement for three fuckin' days.
They beat the shit out of me.
I thought I was dead, Sarah,
but I got out.
And Kelly's my best shot
and I need your fuckin' help.
I'm begging you.
You gotta help me, please.
Will you help me?
Any word on Grace Travis?
We're not getting any pings on any
of the cell numbers you listed.
Credit cards?
Nothin' yet.
Keep on her. She'll raise
her head sooner or later.
Sir.
My niece is graduating
from UC Law this spring
and she just actually
sent Marty her resume.
Oh, smart girl.
So, you think the Stein firm
is a good place for her
to kick start her career.
That's interesting.
Yeah, well, put it this way.
I plan on dying at my desk.
Oh, yeah?
Excuse me.
Enjoy.
The cheap thing to do?
The efficient thing to do
would be to nuke
the whole shitload of 'em.
Hey, if it was up to me...
Meet somebody who it is up to.
Bobby! Bobby!
Come here!
What are you doin'?
Leave the girls alone.
Meet General Lance Howard.
- How you doin'?
- Our guest of honor.
Good to meet you.
- Where's Cynthia?
- Burning the midnight oil,
- comes with the job.
- Definitely his better half.
I've been following
the Brewster case. Impressive.
- Why, thank you.
- Where's your drink?
It's probably not
the best time.
Fuck them,
you're amongst friends.
Friends who paid 32k to be
in the same room with you.
I'll get you a drink,
I'll be back.
Talk.
How are you?
Excuse me, sorry.
How you doin'?
Good.
So, how long you been
workin' for Marty?
Hmm, you think I'm a lawyer?
Oh, you know this party,
I'd say the odds
are pretty good.
I don't know about that.
The guy over there has a beret.
Just got out of the
Federal penitentiary.
What did he do?
I think it was mail fraud,
beating up his wife.
I don't know.
That's Chicki Garrison
over there.
- Mmm.
- Owns a half billion dollar hedge fund.
He has a $10,000 a week
coke habit.
How about you?
What darkness lies behind
a $1000 suit?
- Darkness?
- Yeah.
Wow!
No, man, you talking
to the wrong guy.
- Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
What are you,
a preacher or something?
Hardly.
- Mmm, no?
- No, no, yeah...
The chandelier, that's mine.
You mean, like,
like you make 'em?
I sell 'em. Antiques, yeah.
Got that from the Casa San
Benedetto in Florence.
Lion's share
specially for Marty.
Well,
if you're ever in the market.
Turn Of The Century Lighting.
It's nice to meet you,
uh, Marlon.
Hey, Marty.
Come here a sec.
What're you doin'
in here, Ethan?
Well, one can only stand
so much small talk.
Ah.
That was a smart move.
Getting invited to my party,
making small talk.
Seeing what you can glean
from my lawyers.
Um, something like that.
Can I ask you a question?
Sure.
Why aren't you doing that?
Well, because I believe
it's a dead end, that's why.
Hmm, have you
found anything out,
other than Sophie Hale
has a thing for the military?
Before Adam Hutchings died,
he, uh, he was looking for
information on the Crown Building.
So, you came in here
to look at the file?
Do you think I'm hiding
something from you?
If you are,
that's, that's your business.
That's comforting,
seeing that I'm not
paying you to investigate me.
So, what's the plan?
You're gonna stick around here,
eat my caviar, drink my liquor?
No, actually, I was thinkin'
about goin' downtown
to your office and
takin' a look around.
I mean, now that
everybody's here.
If you're okay with that.
Yeah, that's okay.
Find the fucking leak, Ethan.
That is the purpose
for which I am paying you.
Yeah.
Hey, before you take off,
I want you to meet
the next senator from Illinois.
Bob, I want you to meet
a good friend of mine.
Retired Army, Ethan Kelly,
this is Alderman, Bob Richmond,
soon to relocate to DC.
Come on, I have to win
the election, first.
- That, you do.
- Well, you got my vote.
Gentlemen.
How's the kid working out?
Too soon to tell.
There you go.
Food's here.
Whoa! Uh...
The delivery guy?
Yeah, why not?
These lawyers were talkin' in front
of the guy like he was invisible.
He walked around
the firm unescorted.
He had access to
anything he wanted.
He could've gone anywhere.
This is the building
security log.
I've circled, you see here,
all the names of everyone
who delivered food to the firm
after 8:00PM
for the past three months.
So, we're off the lawyers?
Well, for now.
Freddy, if one of these names
connects to Hutchings,
then we've found our leak.
Let's go, come on.
Okay, I'll cross-check
the names with, uh,
schools, clubs,
bank statements.
Perfect.
Good night, O'Leary.
Whoa.
Looks like we have a winner.
- A guy named Charles Cooper paid electric...
- Cooper.
Same address,
Hutchings' paid cable,
every month, for six years,
looks like.
Where are you, Cooper?
There you are.
Charles Cooper.
He delivered food from a place
called Edison's bar.
Hmm.
Ever been fucked in a
bathroom stall?
Only when there's no paper.
- Buy me a drink.
- Why the hell would I do that?
So, I know that you're serious about
moving this relationship forward.
You ain't good looking enough
to talk like that.
Cart before the horse,
pretty eyes.
Hmm, so, it's my eyes
you're after, huh?
No, but I was raised
a gentleman.
That's apparent.
Fuck me!
Guess who?
Morning!
Leo, meet my aunty, Ruth.
- Hi.
- Baby.
T, who's this?
Yo, man, Leo.
Hey, what's up?
Sit, baby.
- I'll fix you both a plate.
- Okay.
Thank you.
Hi.
All right, I got into
the database.
Guess, who popped up.
Yeah, I told you. Ethan Kelly.
He was picked up for B&E in
Chicago, a few days ago.
But, no charges were filed.
Why would the feds
be involved in a B&E?
Not a clue.
But he gave a local address.
You hear about Ray Williams?
He's being listed
as a missing person.
What?
So, just be careful, Grace.
If they can
cover up his murder,
they'll have no problem
in making you disappear.
Yeah.
Thank you, Sarah. Thank you.
How long have you two
been together?
Um...
Couple of hours now.
- Give or take, huh?
- Yeah.
All right.
Don't let me
get the hose on you two.
Uh, sorry.
So, Marlon,
what kind of work you into?
Yeah, Marlon,
Oh, oh, shit, I'm sorry,
you're like...
You're like, unemployed
or something.
No, Leo, I work.
That's what's up!
So, what's you racking?
I'm in the chandelier business.
Chandelier's is like,
fancy lights and shit.
Yeah, why,
you're in the market?
Well...
Marlon's in all kinds
of businesses.
He's a real businessman.
- Oh.
- Ain't that right, Marlon?
Well, maybe
we should be working together.
So, Leo,
what is it that you do?
I'm a connector.
- A connector?
- Mmm-hmm.
What do you connect?
- People.
- Hmm.
People, huh?
Yes, kinda like
my specialty, you know?
Bringing people together.
I got this dream,
I want to like,
connect everybody.
Now, I'm not just talking
about Chicago.
I'm talking about Asia,
Paris, Africa...
You know, maybe get the
hook ups there,
I don't know what you're talking,
you know what I'm saying?
Dear, Talia, you don't look so good.
Oh, God!
- Are you okay?
- Hmm.
You're sweating.
Let's pour some cold water
on your face. Come up.
No, it's like...
Oh...
Ugh. I'm so sick.
So, you guys just met
like couple of hours ago, huh?
Hmm.
I know how it is, man.
I know how this is.
Well, Leo...
Italian Leonardo?
Leo, the lion.
Maybe you should get the fuck gone
before I break your fucking legs.
Leo?
See you, Leo.
I thought that
they stoned a woman over there
for looking at a guy
outside of marriage.
They do.
There's gotta be lot of black and
blue hookers under those burkhas.
You know, the Afghanis aren't
as much evil, as you think.
They call it Mut'ah,
it's a fixture of marriage.
So what, you get hitched
for like, 20 minutes?
Exactly.
I knew, I should've enlisted.
They saved me a fortune.
You know, marriage isn't
a word, it's a sentence.
Tell me about it.
I know you stole a file
from the Stein firm
and gave it to Adam Hutchings.
Why?
CC, I'm not here
to get you into trouble.
I'm here to keep you out of it.
You want Marty Stein
as an enemy?
I mean, all I have to do
is send a word.
It's your choice.
I mean it's a shame...
I kinda like you.
Hey, wait.
Wait.
You work for Stein?
You can keep me
out of this shit?
You tell me what I need to know
and I'll see what I can do.
Okay.
I knew this would
come back on me
but the fucking guy
was desperate.
- Who? Hutchings?
- Yeah.
I mean, he was saying
he couldn't pay his rent,
saying, like, all he needed
was one big story.
What was I gonna do?
So, helped the guy out.
By stealing a personnel file?
How's that a big story, hmm?
Fuck if I know.
Let me tell you something,
this works a lot fucking better,
if you tell me everything.
You got me?
It was nothing.
Some, drunk,
black chick, Talia...
Talia, who?
I didn't get her last name.
She comes in the bar one night.
She's all pissed off
'cause Stein closed her salon.
She's saying, um, "Fuck him!"
Saying, uh, saying,
you know, "I know enough about his
business to ruin his white ass."
I thought, she was just
talking shit, you know.
Hmm.
A few days later,
Adam comes in, crying a river.
So, I tell him about the girl
and the salon and, and Marty.
And what else?
What else, CC?
Then he's begging me,
next time, I'm in the firm,
I should look for anything
on this Talia.
Couple of nights later,
I'm up there,
delivering sandwiches.
I slip into the fire room,
but I freaked.
I grabbed the one file
that was sitting out,
I didn't even know what it was.
That's all I did.
I just felt sorry for the
poor bastard, that's all.
Excuse me.
Sam, can you help Mr. Forbidi?
What's this?
Shameless bribery.
Oh, I see, you think
my integrity is for sale?
Right on the street!
You apologized
to Aunt Ruth yet?
Who do you think
gave me the cobbler?
Say, what you wanna say?
I work my ass off, Mar.
No one is saying you didn't.
No one's saying
they give a shit, either.
I'm doing that right now.
We'll find you something else.
Something else?
Closing that salon
was precautionary.
That decision ain't about you,
Talia.
Ain't about me?
It was mine, Mar!
I never had something
that was mine.
Something I built,
something made me proud.
I put everything
into that place.
And you just let big masso
Marty take it away.
Like, I'm some misbehaving child,
needs to be taught a lesson!
And now, you're gonna sit there
and tell me, it ain't about me?
What the fuck else
I gotta be about?
Are you under some illusion
about where all this comes from?
No, no illusion,
this is Marlon's show.
There ain't nothing about T
in the Marlon show.
This is a strange
sounding apology.
Cause, I ain't apologizing.
Cobbler's food drama,
that's on me.
But I need you to hear me
when I say, I love you,
but, sometimes, you're the
biggest bitch in this family.
You want some cobbler?
I fucking hate you.
- I'm serious.
- I'll get the knife.
What are you doing here?
Oh, I could use a bear claw
and a cup of coffee.
Maybe some eggs over easy,
what do you say?
Figured you'd be gone by now.
Well, it turns out, I'm gonna be
here working it for the while.
Hmm.
So, the security business
is good?
I'm working for
Marty Stein's firm now.
- Marty Stein, wow!
- Hmm.
Imagine how far you'd go if you
actually finish law school.
You know, I was reading in
the paper the other day.
There were talking about
10 guys died here, 14 there.
City's turned into a war zone.
Yeah, well, lucky for us, they're
only killing each other.
Oh, I don't know.
There was a lady that was walking
her dog the other day and took a...
straight bullet in the neck.
Well, lucky for me,
I hate dogs.
You know, what...
I'll give you my cell number.
And I want you to call me
if you need anything, okay?
What would I need?
Oh, it's just,
one of those, uh...
"I've fallen."
I can get up things.
Hey, Deakins,
I just put a file on your desk.
Adam Hutchings, 2005, Ford Focus,
towed three weeks ago,
14 unpaid parking tickets.
- Thank you, Benny.
- Yeah.
Oh and I spoke to his sister on
the phone, she said and I quote,
"I'm not surprised,
he died like this."
Two car crashes in the last
three years, drunk, both times.
Okay, maybe, it was an accident
but only an asshole gloats.
Fine, I'll go check out the car,
I'll go write up the report.
And then, you're gonna buy me
a couple of shots.
Shut the door.
How's the new task force
working out?
Uh, we are
making progress, sir.
Finish your dinner.
No, it's okay.
You're not on the clock, I have
no right to ruin your meal.
Okay.
I'm just like you, Detective,
our laptop is always open.
Funny thing was,
I was eating breakfast
this morning,
reading one blog or another,
then, the damn thing
started beeping.
Not that you've got
the mail beep or the...
some pain-in-the-ass college buddy
tweeting some bullshit news
about his douchebag kid hitting
home run in little league beep.
Uh, no, this was different,
this was uh,
this was a federal beep.
You know what that is?
No.
See, I can program
my computer, let me know,
anytime, someone might say...
Special Agent O'Leary
searches the database for someone like,
say, Ethan Kelly.
And that was the beep
I heard this morning
as I was pouring my second bowl of
Honey Nut Cheerios.
Why do you suppose
Special Agent O'Leary
would be interested in Ethan Kelly?
You know, I don't know.
I didn't either.
So, I asked him.
You know what he said?
He said he'd never heard
of Ethan Kelly.
And I believed him.
So, we put our heads together
and we figured
somebody in the task force must have used
his computer when he wasn't around.
Mmh.
Long story short...
turns out that you
are the only person
in that task force
with any connection,
whatsoever to Kelly.
No sign from a transgression
here or there.
You've been
a pretty good cop, Finnelly.
So I figured,
someone with less than
honorable motives
must have asked you
to violate procedure.
Perhaps, it was
Grace Travis?
Last chance, Finnelly.
She asked me to do her a favor.
And you're her good friend?
I didn't know
why she wanted it.
Where is she now?
Is she in Chicago?
I think so.
We should all have friends
like you, Detective.
- Howard.
- General Howard?
It's me.
Grace Travis
is heading your way.
It's right over there.
- This one?
- Yeah.
Hey, don't you need a warrant
or something?
Mr. Hutchings is deceased.
Explains the 14 unpaids.
I can take it from here.
Suit yourself.
Fucking cold out anyway.
Who wants to be out here.
What the fuck!
Sync and corrections by n17t01
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org